this is part four of the series of
videos that I'm making I'm trying to
explain how I came to the conclusions
that I have and using my audio files to
back up my information my name is Peggy
Caine and I'm going to continue with
this story I had been recording and
capturing EVP which is spirit voices and
hoping to speak to higher consciousness
beings or angelic types I wound up with
Francis Haley the spirit man who died in
about 1820 while he had to come to the
realization that I wasn't going to get
rid of Francis I wasn't going to talk to
angels it seemed like every time I
snapped on the record button there was
Francis talking away I kept trying all
that it couldn't get rid of him so
eventually I decided to just try to talk
to him and while he was somewhat
cantankerous he was also very lonely
this is what he told me happened to him
after he died no one that he had ever
spoken to had had the classic near-death
experience of going into the light
seeing loved ones or a spiritual figure
everyone had had a similar experience to
what he did now Francis told me and I
reversed everything to make sure he said
at first he didn't realize he was dead
apparently he had died of rabies and
then sort of woke up and then he told me
he felt a force propelling him and it
was unseen into the world where he
finally wound up and just dumped him
there he didn't know where he was and he
cried out for help and he was very
frightened he couldn't see how it got
there he just knew he was there he
to wander around finally he came upon a
place a house with other people and I
guess eventually he was able to just
move in with them he'd been there in
that world for a very long time the
people there had to have housing food
clothing money ways of accumulating
things that they needed mostly from
gambling and stealing they drank they
had sex but they did not have children I
asked him why there were no children
born and he said there are no means I
didn't quite understand what that meant
but everybody was miserable they didn't
know how to get out of this situation
they didn't know how to leave it's just
human nature when we believe something
whether it's a religious belief or
metaphysical or even a worldview we look
for backup information and will tend to
discard things and it don't backup that
information well I was doing the same
thing during all this I was assuming
many things about life in that world
I was learning some things that were
really bizarre to me and I was having
conversations with a number of the
people over there but the real shocker
came to me when Francis told me that
there was a family who needed a place to
live he said it was a murder-suicide and
that it was a father mother a boy and a
girl and he told me they have no money
and if they don't find a place to live
they will be put in a debtors prison and
the sadistic jailers will rape their
children it took me a little while for
this to sink in I began to hear that
there were lots of families there and
very young children in this predatory
world
I don't care what anybody says about
past life karma what were little
children doing in this dark world where
demons attacked people and life was just
cycles of fear and stress and nobody
ever came to help and that set my feet
on the path of discovery I was going to
find out once and for all what was
happening here